docs: add guidelines for adding community plugins to the ecosystem page (#302)
fastify/website: src/pages/ecosystem.mdx

> ℹ️ Note: Fastify community plugins are part of the broader community efforts, and we are thankful for these contributions. However, they are not maintained by the Fastify team. Use them at your own discretion. If you find malicious code, please [open an issue](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/new/choose) or submit a PR to remove the plugin from the list.

<PluginsTable plugins={plugins.communityPlugins} />

## How to add a plugin to the list

> If you would like to list your plugin here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a plugin in the community section, these are the steps to do:
```

1. Start contributing to the Fastify project following the [contributing guide](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and read the [on boarding process](https://github.com/fastify/.github/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#collaborator-nominations).

2. Fork the [Fastify repository](https://github.com/fastify/fastify) on GitHub

> 3. Add your plugin in the community list in `docs/Guides/Ecosystem.md` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the plugin in the community list in `docs/Guides/Ecosystem.md` file.
```

4. Submit the PR!

> As soon as your PR is reviewed and merged, your awesome plugin will appear in this page!

Reviewer: TBH it will appear on the next fastify release or manual trigger

```suggestion
As soon as the PR is reviewed and merged, the plugin will appear in this page!
```
